Added Intro for "Writing on GitHub" (#6754)
github/docs: content/github/writing-on-github/index.md

  - /articles/github-flavored-markdown/
  - /articles/writing-on-github/
  - /categories/writing-on-github

> intro: 'You can structure the information shared on GitHub with various formatting options.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: 'You can structure the information shared on {% data variables.product.product_name %} with various formatting options.'
```
This looks great @codewithdev 🎉 I made one small change, replacing `GitHub` with `{% data variables.product.product_name %}`. Instead of writing out product names, we use product variables just in case it ever changes. I don't think `GitHub` will ever change, but we use one anyway 😆 

You can see all of the product variables in https://github.com/github/docs/blob/main/data/variables/product.yml
